Hello dear friends with you I am
interface and trouble happened again and in
This short video will tell you how
such unpleasant situations are avoided in
general and what is the whole point
yesterday i took the story pro to on and
crying to the unfortunate new opera
worked and made her more fun and
Post VKontakte in his group
Well, Anton poured you fucking moron
fucking joke in his grief as a fucking on
the best you yourself would die his mother
died well actually dudes it's nonsense
meaning no mother end
during the match did not die in general
now let's see this
water me by shit
they say that Anton you are a piece of yourself
fag why are you not dead we are you
hate all unsubscribe well well
the tin is complete in lichku threatened there
Anton is such an asshole and we did not know
even I wrote about it
chuvakin whom this is nonsense is a story about
mother and tire died this is a little fucking no
everybody had a groin thought a document he was
die by a dick okay if that's how she looks
the story is original and that is May 16
champions league final worth watching and
Bayern at the end of the first half in Valencia
a glass from the track the end of the times found out that his
mother died he sank to the ground and
burst into tears
having seen and so the goalkeeper approached him
bavaria oliver kan said sante don't cry
then i'm a mother watching you now she
proud of you what are you cool
Cyprus and generally everything is fine and after these
words the end of Sarah got up and keep playing
I admit to reading this story myself
a little less than a year ago in the open spaces
the contact was very touched
Squirt all painted to romance drama
real straight worthy of a movie from really
so everything is beautiful
alverca real man i'm complexes
in his way manly qualities that he
such and fighter but never betray and not
deceive that is such a man but there was
wow how beautiful everything is but i decided a lot of this
history check and
let's go into Yandex and that means
which is immediately the first fact 1 rains
enough of one fact that will tell about
that the whole story about the dead mother
this stsuko smelly pizdesh what on you
any admin tower tower
VKontakte football groups for such
here are naive believers who are not
wrote anton die bitch die in general he
here is that dude taro it came up with about him
dare he is a real asshole because he
in order for this story
decided to invent death of man okay
look May 16
Ligachev look at the final and yet we
see oh match was 23
Who would have thought a new look
what's that what happens to not 100 times
cried for 7 days fucking dudes and there is no
doubt you know not the quality of it
complete nonsense plus I watched
interview
Canada himself with his German mouth and
says so and so I saw that the end
1 times ropes from defeat in league
champions
in the middle of nolde and upset exactly
defeat he wept no mother's death
somewhere hypothetical and after that
on his studies as a colleague I keep quiet wool
passion by a mere football pack 40
rotar
ok there is also a video which shows that
end times crying after a penalty shootout
after they fucking 1 fucking half
that is, it is clearly visible and if after
after all this, victor will be me
further again pontoon is all fucking fucking
these all videos on youtube are montage
Wikipedia is lying but vkontakte posts in
group there is a soulful football in a panic
This authority Anton Anton main scum
I will continue to seize grief I hope
that I destroyed this myth because but
Elsa eblo I often see but this
story
in the open spaces in to football publics and
many many write about wow what a beautiful
the story of men the men are not so disgusting
withdraw the fact that everything is so fucking country
pizdezh well roughly we collect here not
I love this naivety that is, here are the carts
and so those people who are official
Entente asshole because you're like this
insulted the mother of the EU Commissioner and here they are
revealed me even without facts from me
there were minks facts that is, I love these
naive people are people who sit
home fucking does not know fuck and blows everything
what they are shown to them is also march
political news about you
I believe there Putin ate 20
interesting news there in Ukraine there
another fucked up and I will believe here of course
why did you eat this next shit
people believe the news is complete nonsense
if you know directly roughly so
and be about Ukraine and say that
Ukraine is now the most discussed
news sent to post-soviet
space in general and a lot of news
a lot of them in Russia and I think that
in Ukraine or in Ukraine the bay is correct
here to speak all the same here and I am sure that
most news to say the least lie
because the news is for that and come up
to lie if you want to know
the actual situation of the situation on
Ukraine you are looking for information on
forums where people usually just communicate
each other on other third-party sites
just don't know from an acquaintance stopped by
Ukraine to talk with him or vice versa
There in Russia you and familiarity to leave
in Ukraine I trust as if relying on
your experience us your eyes on your feelings
and emotions are they on what the fuck news am
I believe them in general, I hope that no longer
would be such naive phrases arno speaking
if I'm still on top and vkontakte which
will also be invented and I am also
try to expose
with you so little shock
myth destroyers like that
I hope you enjoyed it and now nobody
don't be this damn
praca not to believe that cried
whole week just this little
died well utter nonsense and those
fagot who rank too fagot
I hope they will be ashamed after this
video let's have good luck